feat!: rollup v4 (#14508)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/migration.md

Vite no longer supports Node.js 14 / 16 / 17 / 19, which reached its EOL. Node.js 18 / 20+ is now required.

## Rollup 4

> Vite is now using Rollup 4. See the [Rollup 4 release notes here](https://github.com/rollup/rollup/releases/tag/v4.0.0).
> 
> Rollup 4 is mostly compatible with Rollup 3. If you are using custom rollupOptions in your project and encounter issues, refer to the Rollup migration guide to upgrade your config.

Reviewer: Maybe we can add some additional changes that affects Vite, especially it's plugin container:
```suggestion
Vite is now using Rollup 4 which also brings along its breaking changes, in particular:

- Import assertions (`assertions` prop) has been renamed to import attributes (`attributes` prop).
- Acorn plugins are no longer supported.
- For Vite plugins, `this.resolve` `skipSelf` option is now `true` by default.
- For Vite plugins, `this.parse` now only supports the `allowReturnOutsideFunction` option for now.

Read the full breaking changes in [Rollup's release notes](https://github.com/rollup/rollup/releases/tag/v4.0.0) for build-related changes in `build.rollupOptions`.
```

Author: Ya, that's better 👍
